FANCY FEATURES
Allerts on overshoots from normal trends of offenses

GeoDJANGO
Incorporation of GeoDjango for the maps

REPORTS
Reports app that will base mainly on generating statistical
reports from the offense informations juiced out of report books
from local police stations/departments.

GRAPHICS
Applications for generating charts, diagrams and other
pictorial representation of statistical data juiced out
of the stored informations.

PENDING MATTERS
1.	Detailed picture and sample of sort of informations submitted
	monthly to district level, (necessary to put the pieces together)
	
2.	From which rank do they start to sort out informations taken from
	police stations, that includes classifying them between offense
	categories, i.e. Major or Minor offense and type of offense
	ranging from criminal, civil, etc.
	And getting right the whole crime/offense classification issue.
	
3.	How do they write monthly reports, kinds of statistics they perform
	and the kinds of data that are left(not taken higher) with the local
	police station. Sample will be needed too.

4.	List of offenses that demand daily reporting or urgency, and sample
	of offenses reported, and first warning messages.
	We need these to capture the proper data structure for our system model
	objects.


KINDS OF VALUABLE INFORMATION TO ACQUIRE:
1.	Extact Set of actions taken for each report
2.	What happens incase of offense reporter wants to be anonymous.
3.	Out of their awareness(if any) do they say type of crime in report detial
	in report book section.
4.	Sample data on monthly serial number from Original report book
5.	Sample data on investigaton number from Original report book
6.	Exact case status set (case closed/opened etc..) from Original report book
	is the set of statuses open for expansion, i.e. more statuses can be added
7.	In nationality do they take Tribes for tanzanians and nationality for foreign
	or just tanzanian and other nationalities for anyone.
8.	What do they say, if we incorporate more person's addresses, like
	phone number, e-mail address, voter's id, bank account if any.
9.	Dialog about relationship between details of the report, whether
	- Must details of reported offense be matched to reporter(witness)
	  to get incriminate him/her incase of implanting evidence? or how
	  do they do that.
	- Can more than one person report the same offense, with their own
	  details of the offense.
	- What about anonymity of reporter, is it an option, can people choose
	  to report anonymous. How worth are the details of the crime. from
	  anonymous person.
10. Can accused persons be more than one person, are they all recorded for
	the same reported offense.
	- Are the information, full name, sex, nationality, postal address enough
	  or it will be prudent to store more information if any like, phone number
	  e-mail address, voter's id number, bank account number if any.
11.	Exact set of arrest statuses.
12. When offense is reported and written, must they get name of accused?
	or some reports don't have accused persons
13. Must they take action for each offense reported or some go without
	action being done.
14.	Must they get details for the reported offense, or some reports
	goes without details documented.

15.	What's an IR Number, we need sample data for it. to get data structure
16.	What's the essense of RB Number, and we need sample data too.
17.	Is the complainant name among persons who report the crime?
	or how do they get to have his information? apart from his name.
18.	How do they keep information about the detective for the investigation

19.	Is the evidence book linked to each investigation opened?
20.	We need to know sort of information store in minute sheet, charges
	date.
21.	We need exact set of remarks that are placed in evidence book, format
	of an RB Number, is Information about the accused the same information
	that is recorded in report book. (what if there's no accused), is it
	necessary to have accused for investigation to open, or investigation
	can proceed without an accused.
22.	What kind of information does total value hold in evidence book.
23.	What does criminal case number mean, and what does it relate to.

24.	In property details inside report book, what kind of property do they
	record, properties found at the crime, lost, or what exactly.
