CIS is A Criminal Information System
	A web based information system that keeps track criminal offenses.
	Geographically from local police station level to country wide.



cis/
	Directory where your django projects will reside.
	All your application will be here. Once an appliction is created will be
	requred to add it in the setting.py inoder to use it.

cis/README
	This file you are reading

cis/MILESTONES
	Jotted down list of milestones/goals/objects (whichever term makes you happy)
	to be accomplished by CIS. in the long run.
	Sort of information to keep every group members up and running on where we are
	with the project.
	TODO:
	Features in coding part that needs doing
	Changes in coding part that needs upgrades
	Bugs in coding part that needs fixes.

cis/Book
	Directory holding fine information about the reported offenses in a particular
	local police station, among informations held includes Information about the accused
	personnel, action taken against the reported offense, any arrests made, details
	of the reported crime and personal information of the personnel reporting the
	offense.

cis/Core
	Directory express informations on priviledges and authorities of system users
	and the range of tasks the can perform which may range from just viewing data
	posting data, to generating reports from the offense informations.

	Makes use of django Users to control priviledges, and zones the personnel
	belongs to.
	
	Suggested alternative name for this application is Control, to make it 
	more descriptive.

cis/Investigation
	This directory holds information in an investigation register book,
	information of offenses whose case has been opened and given IR Number.
	If the reported offense have an opened case with an ongoing/closed investigation,
	it holds Investigation register number, RB Number of the case being investigated,
	complainant name, title of offenses under investigation and the name of detective
	investigating. Results of of investigation, remarks and court case number(if it
	made it to the court).
	
	Results of the investigation holds evidence file containing minute sheets, charges,
	details of the acccused, name of the investigation officer, total value of properties
	and criminal case number.

cis/Locations
	This directory holds details of locations police stations distributed country wide
	categorized from country, to region, district down to ward level. holding particulars
	about the police station.

cis/Offenses
	This Application holds information used to map offenses in Investigation register
	according to different levels of priority. Offering flexibility in generating reports
	and statistical informations according to different criterias.
	Currently Offenses are classified into Offense categories which specify
	Offense Section, Rank and Category name.
	
	Offense section is the top level classification offenses which put offenses into either
	"Criminal Offense" or "Traffic Offense".
	Rank is a rating attribute of offense which weighs offenses into "Major" or "Minor"
	offense, where these offenses will fall into one of the  two Offense sections.
	Category name which is a name of bigger categories holding multiple offenses falling
	within the two Offense sections.


cis/templates/
	Django admin tempaletes

cis/application_name/templates/
	All the application templates should be in the it's application folder under templates
	for each project, there needs to be templates unique to managing the templates for the
	main content portions. within the confines of the application you're working in, you can
	make templates local and relative to the application you create.

Dependencies
	GeoDjango Dependencies (for google maps)
	- Postgis
	- Libgdal
	- Python-gdal
	Open Flash charts
	- PyOFC2 http://github.com/theCISProject/cis
	- Python-setuptools (for easy_install)
	- Django-1.1
